Create chisel3-vs-compat.md (#48)
freechipsproject/www.chisel-lang.org: docs/src/main/tut/chisel3/chisel3-vs-compat.md

to document the differences for helping migrate from compatibility mode to the
safer and more modern Chisel 3 semantics.

### Connections

#### Compatibility mode

In compatibility mode, both connection operators `:=` and `<>` are actually the same.
They both are bidirectional and noncommutative--the right side will be treated as
the source and the left side will be treated as the sink.

```scala
import Chisel._
class MyModule extends Module {
  val io = new Bundle {
    val in = Decoupled(UInt(width = 4)).flip
    val out = Decoupled(UInt(width = 4))
  }
  io.in <> io.out // This works
  io.in := io.out // This is equivalent
  io.out <> io.in // This will error
}
```
Furthermore, error detection and reporting is defered to FIRRTL compilation.

#### Chisel 3

In Chisel 3, `:=` is refered to as "monoconnect" and `<>` is called "bulkconnect".

* Monoconnect
`:=` treats everything on the left-hand side as a sink, even if the type is
bidirectional. This means it cannot be used to drive bidirectional output ports,
but can be used to drive wires from bidirectional inputs or outputs to "monitor"
the the full aggregate, ignoring directions.

> * Bulkconnect

Reviewer: I think this is actually `BiConnect`, yes? Or should this be referred to as Bulk Connect?

Author: Traditionally people called it "bulk connect" but I agree "biconnect" is better anyway

`<>` performs bidirectional connections and is commutative. At least one of the
arguments must be a port.
It will determine the correct leaf-level connections based on the directions of
its port arguments.
It cannot be used to connect two components _inside_ of a module.

```scala
import chisel3._
import chisel3.util._
class MyModule extends Module {
  val io = IO(new Bundle {
    val in = Flipped(Decoupled(UInt(4.W)))
    val out = Decoupled(UInt(4.W))
    val x = Output(UInt(8.W))
  })
  io.out <> io.in // This works
  io.in <> io.out // So does this
  io.out := io.in // Error, cannot drive io.out.ready

  val w = Wire(Decoupled(UInt(4.W)))
  w := io.in  // This works, w can be seen as "monitoring" io.in
  4.U <> io.x // This also works but is stylistically suspect
}
```

### Width Declaration

#### Compatibility mode
```scala
val x = UInt(width = 8)
```
#### Chisel 3
```scala
val x = UInt(8.W)
```

> Notably, widths are now a type rather than a byname argument to the `UInt`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notably, widths are now a type rather than a by-name argument to the `UInt`
```

Author: Actually, I just realized that what I really mean is "named argument", by-name is when you put `=>` in front of the type 🤦‍♂

constructor.

### Literals

#### Compatibility mode
```scala
val x = UInt(2)
val y = SInt(-1, width = 8)
```
#### Chisel 3
```scala
val x = 2.U

> val y = 0.S(8.W)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
val y = -1.S(8.W)
```

```

### Direction

#### Compatibility mode
```scala
val x = UInt(INPUT, 8)
val y = Bool(OUTPUT)
val z = (new MyBundle).flip
```
#### Chisel 3
```scala
val x = Input(UInt(8.W))
val y = Output(Bool())
val z = Flipped(new MyBundle)
```

### Module IO
#### Compatibility mode
```scala
class MyModule extends Module {
  val io = new Bundle { ... }
}
```
#### Chisel 3

In Chisel 3, all declared ports must be wrapped in `IO(...)`. For `Modules`,
this is just `val io`.
```scala
class MyModule extends Module {
  val io = IO(new Bundle { ... } )
}
```
But in Chisel 3, `MultiIOModules` have the ability to declare multiple "ios". 
While `val io` is not required, the implicit `clock` and `reset` are still there.
```scala
class MyModule2 extends MultiIOModule {
  val foo = IO(Input(UInt(8.W)))
}
```
Chisel 3 also has `RawModule` which allows arbitrary ports and has no implicit
`clock` nor `reset`.
```scala
class MyModule3 extends RawModule {
  val foo = IO(Output(Vec(8, Bool())))
}
```

### Utilities

Many constructs originally available via `import Chisel._` are now located in

> `chisel3.util`. They can be imported 

Reviewer 3: Is there text missing? _They can be imported_ doesn't convey much information.

Author: Yeah sorry, this is a WIP and I jumped around, sorry I should've made this a draft PR

will be ignored. For example:
```scala
import Chisel._
class BundleA extends Bundle {
  val foo = UInt(width = 8)
}
class BundleB extends Bundle {
  val foo = UInt(width = 8)
  val bar = UInt(width = 8)
}
class MyModule extends Module {
  val io = new Bundle {
    val in = (new BundleA).asInput
    val out = (new BundleB).asOutput
  }
  io.out <> io.in
  // Equivalent to
  io.out.foo := io.in.foo
  // bar is ignored because it doesn't match
} 
```

Furthermore, error detection and reporting is defered to FIRRTL compilation.

#### Chisel 3

In Chisel 3, `:=` is refered to as "monoconnect" and `<>` is called "biconnect".

* Monoconnect
`:=` treats everything on the left-hand side as a sink, even if the type is
bidirectional. This means it cannot be used to drive bidirectional output ports,
but can be used to drive wires from bidirectional inputs or outputs to "monitor"
the the full aggregate, ignoring directions.

* Biconnect
`<>` performs bidirectional connections and is commutative. At least one of the
arguments must be a port.
It will determine the correct leaf-level connections based on the directions of
its port arguments.

> It cannot be used to connect two components _inside_ of a module.

Reviewer 4: So.... how are you supposed to do that? Do you have to use two monoconnects?
```
a := b
b := a
```

```scala
import chisel3._
import chisel3.util._
class MyModule extends Module {
  val io = IO(new Bundle {
    val in = Flipped(Decoupled(UInt(4.W)))
    val out = Decoupled(UInt(4.W))
    val x = Output(UInt(8.W))
  })
  io.out <> io.in // This works
  io.in <> io.out // So does this
  io.out := io.in // Error, cannot drive io.out.ready

  val w = Wire(Decoupled(UInt(4.W)))
  w := io.in  // This works, w can be seen as "monitoring" io.in
  4.U <> io.x // This also works but is stylistically suspect
}
```

> In contrast to compatibility mode, every field of two connected Bundles must match.

Reviewer 4: Is this only true for `<>` operator?

For example:
```scala
import chisel3._
class BundleA extends Bundle {
  val foo = UInt(8.W)
}
class BundleB extends Bundle {
  val foo = UInt(8.W)
  val bar = UInt(8.W)
}
class MyModule extends Module {
  val io = new Bundle {
    val in = Input(new BundleA)
    val out = Output(new BundleB)
  }

>   io.out <> io.in // This is an error because io.in.bar doesn't match

Reviewer 4: So how to do this properly assuming the user wants the same code to be generated?

Reviewer 5: `Chisel.<>`?

Author: It's a method defined on data so that wouldn't work, but you could define a new operator via an implicit conversion:

```scala
object CompatConnect {
  import Chisel._
  implicit class sketchyBulkConnectable(data: Data) {
    def <*>(that: Data): Unit = data <> that
  }
}
```
You can then `import CompatConnect._` in the code that needs it.

Author: Fundamentally, relying on this behavior was considered dangerous because in refactoring code if you added a field it would bulk connect anyway and lead to subtle bugs. I think there is a very strong argument that such behavior should work when used with inheritance, eg. if `Foo` and `Bar` are `Bundles` that both extends a common interface `Fizz`, `<>` should be legal between them and only connect the common fields in `Fizz`. Unfortunately, it's really not clear how to implement such a feature (well, probably doable with incredibly gnarly reflection), so it's been languishing.

Reviewer 5: I agree that this is the desired/intended behavior in most extant use cases
